this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 
a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration . 
davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine . 
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made . 
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 
tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 . 
 ( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's . 
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either . 
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources . 
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle . 
this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen--and a hollywood-ized austen at that . 
tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent . 
visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay . 
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is [cattaneo] sophomore slump . 
 sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 
replacing john carpenter's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . of all the halloween's , this is the most visually unappealing . 
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 
despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 
 . . . feels as if ( there's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 
i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 
it's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from . 
flat , misguided comedy . 
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 
bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places . 
lurid and less than lucid work . 
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 
at a brief 42 minutes , we need more x and less blab . 
if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick . 
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story . 
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny . 
a porn film without the sex scenes . 
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 
a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 
return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . 
by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 
broder's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 
yes they can swim , the title is merely anne-sophie birot's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through . 
don michael paul uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for seagal ) . 
slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious . 
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . 
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash . 
a thriller without a lot of thrills . 
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 
ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same ! 
in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle . 
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious . 
done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment . 
despite its visual virtuosity , 'naqoyqatsi' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 
slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half . 
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 
 " one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ? 
 " not really as bad as you might think ! " 
strident and inelegant in its 'message-movie' posturing . 
one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea . 
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material . 
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy . 
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one . 
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish . 
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it . 
ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 
it just goes to show , an intelligent person isn't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 
in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the " queen " and less of the " damned . " 
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . 
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 
none of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of bond , but much of it is good for a laugh . the problem with " xxx " is that its own action isn't very effective . 
a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it's the butt of its own joke . 
director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash . 
in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz . 
the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy . 
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going . 
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 
an encouraging effort from mccrudden
the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . fortunately , you still have that option . 
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago . . . 
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 
this u-boat doesn't have a captain . 
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 
dull , a road-trip movie that's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 
i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care . 
predictably melodramatic . 
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 
a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale . 
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all . 
 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets . 
it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another . 
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 
the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . 
 . . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 
the movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself . 
the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned . 
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies…or any other john woo flick for that matter . 
the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments . 
'opening up' the play more has partly closed it down . 
what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 
an ugly , revolting movie . 
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it . 
watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 
certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to 'special effects' by way of replacing objects in a character's hands below the camera line , " besotted " is misbegotten
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 
a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations . 
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them . 
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 
harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality . 
supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere . 
the smash 'em-up , crash 'em-up , shoot 'em-up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense . 
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . 
hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character . 
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 
the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 
the beautiful , unusual music is this film's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep . 
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 
when [reno] lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w . bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . 
burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 
'es en verdad una pena que mandoki esté realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algún tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quién sabe dónde lo tiene escondido . '
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke- at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks . 
it's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . and it's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . 
the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much . 
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair . 
the movie's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it doesn't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 
all mood and no movie . 
press the delete key . 
simone is not a bad film . it just doesn't have anything really interesting to say . 
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly -as-nasty -as-it- thinks-it-is joke . over and over again . 
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying – like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 
entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were . 
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review . 
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day . 
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway . 
has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups . 
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end . 
mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas . 
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 
too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured . 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
it's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes . . . finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 
woody , what happened ? 
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell . 
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 
routine and rather silly . 
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . 
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 
you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 
behan's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling . 
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j . 
a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire . 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 
more trifle than triumph . 
the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 
festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 
lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out . 
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 
report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . 
as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 
 . . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags . 
bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 
a well-acted , but one-note film . 
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period . 
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 
[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 
there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 
one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful . 
a era do gelo diverte , mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado – e só . 
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 
it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise . 
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 
the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment . 
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . 
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 
we started to wonder if some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine . 
even when crush departs from the 4w formula . . . it feels like a glossy rehash . 
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue . 
whether it's the worst movie of 2002 , i can't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 
[a] boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 
suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling . 
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining . 
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 
with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky " pretty woman " retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 
what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad . 
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken . 
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 
where the film falters is in its tone . 
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 
ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 
it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up . 
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 
some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving . 
a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 
a film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted . 
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 
certainly not a good movie , but it wasn't horrible either . 
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . 
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . 
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget . 
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned . 
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance . 
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and cliché . 
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ? 
`martin lawrence live' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 
it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past . 
does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer jeffrey dahmer boring . 
don't hate el crimen del padre amaro because it's anti-catholic . hate it because it's lousy . 
 . . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they're struggling to create . 
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either . 
competently directed but terminally cute drama . 
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
this thing is virtually unwatchable . 
those eternally devoted to the insanity of black will have an intermittently good time . feel free to go get popcorn whenever he's not onscreen . 
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows . 
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
a sha-na-na sketch punctuated with graphic violence . 
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 
the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it's an unhappy situation all around . 
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust . 
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he's already done way too often . 
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me . 
a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 . 
has none of the crackle of " fatal attraction " , " 9 ½ weeks " , or even " indecent proposal " , and feels more like lyne's stolid remake of " lolita " . 
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line . 
an extraordinarily silly thriller . 
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 
talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 
the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 
 . . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't . 
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amélie . 
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem . 
the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong . 
koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 
it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 
the drama discloses almost nothing . 
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . 
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 
there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men . 
even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 
it's really just another silly hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows . 
it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one . 
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york . 
enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting . 
harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one . 
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . 
[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i've ever seen . 
though there's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 
it should be doing a lot of things , but doesn't . 
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 
 . . . a rather bland affair . 
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love . 
the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy . 
i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither . 
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden . 
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 
all the queen's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf's encounter with the world . 
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 
it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it . 
i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters . 
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 
the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess . 
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness . 
did we really need a remake of " charade ? " 
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 
the satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 
bearable . barely . 
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 
an " o bruin , where art thou ? " -style cross-country adventure . . . it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 
a feeble tootsie knockoff . 
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 
a very familiar tale , one that's been told by countless filmmakers about italian- , chinese- , irish- , latin- , indian- , russian- and other hyphenate american young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages . 
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 
 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 
you have no affinity for most of the characters . nothing about them is attractive . what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide . 
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 
it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 
absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying . 
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring . 
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . 
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 
you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 
'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 
in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation . 
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda . 
staggeringly dreadful romance . 
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ? 
final verdict : you've seen it all before . 
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 
if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . " 
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 
you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things . 
a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 
any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 
debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish . 
one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny . 
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp . 
the film , like jimmy's routines , could use a few good laughs . 
the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies . 
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too . 
 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
well-made but mush-hearted . 
humor in i spy is so anemic . 
the film is strictly routine . 
a real snooze . 
skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions . 
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 
it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between . 
the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down . 
you cannot guess why the cast and crew didn't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 
if you're really renting this you're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you're interested in anne geddes , john grisham , and thomas kincaid . 
we get the comedy we settle for . 
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning . 
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . and neither do cliches , no matter how 'inside' they are . 
the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 
hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing . 
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 
doesn't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 
the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due . 
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush . 
any film that doesn't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 
 . . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 
in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian . 
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 
no surprises . 
you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal . 
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there's very little hustling on view . 
this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 
the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . " 
it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will . 
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 
it's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
as pedestrian as they come . 
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 
it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work . 
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here . 
as saccharine as it is disposable . 
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . 
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 
too much power , not enough puff . 
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 
it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
muddled , trashy and incompetent
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 
narc is all menace and atmosphere . 
though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore . 
despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
it's tough to be startled when you're almost dozing . 
his [nelson's] screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 
it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . 
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 
there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them . 
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster's path of destruction . 
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie . 
enigma is well-made , but it's just too dry and too placid . 
